feat: revise OpenAPI compatibility enforcement (#2572)
input-output-hk/mithril: CHANGELOG.md

- `cardano_database_v2` in the `mithril-client` library is now stable

> - Loose enforcement of OpenAPI compatibility: the clients (signer node, aggregator follower, and client library) now logs a warning if the aggregator’s API version is more recent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for loose enforcement of OpenAPI compatibility: a warning is displayed when a call to an aggregator may be incompatible.
```
